The Joe Rogan experience.
Did I ever tell you? I used to be on the radio.
The radio.
I've told you.
This before in another life?
No, when I was like seven years old, I was on, um, kiss FM.
I have.
Yeah, Ryan T most of it probably. Yeah.
Why did I not remember that? I don't know. Cause.
It wasn't good. Yeah. I mean,
I had a job working as a radio personality for like four years from third
grade until sixth grade. Yeah. Making prank phone calls.
No, I don't think you told me this. Did you tell me on the air now?
You told me real life. I told you in real life. I don't know if you did.
I don't remember. Do you remember this? I may have heard her talk about before.
But I was like a mini. I was like a little mini celebrity in my hometown.
You know, like my dad would, he,
I remember one time he had to get a rental car and they were going to give him
like, you know, a Toyota or something. And he's like, do you listen to kiss FM?
Do you know a little alley to my daughter? Can I get a convertible?
Pick me up from school in a new, like a nicer rental car or something. Yeah.
But I mean, even that was hard. And that was like nothing. I called in randomly.
My sisters listened to kiss FM. When we would get ready for school,
we'd listened to it. I was.
Seven. No one's watching you. My.
Dad was home. My dad was home and my sisters were home probably. Yeah.
Just grabbed the phone and started dialing numbers.
I asked my sister, I said, I want to call into the radio station.
I want to like request a song or something. And my sister's like,
I'm not giving you the number. You're going to embarrass me.
All my friends listened to this station. And so she tries calling in.
She doesn't get through. My dad takes her to school,
me and my other sister at home.
I press redial on the phone and I immediately get through.
And now I'm panicking. I don't know what to say. And I'm like,
can I get Brittany Spears tickets talking to Ryan T crest? And he's like,
can you sing a Brittany Spears song?
So I'm like seven years old singing toxic by Britney Spears,
just being like the taste.
And after I sing the song, he's like, oh, we don't have Brittany Spears tickets,
but we have American idol tickets. And I was like, I'll only go if they're VIP.
And then we're.
Just having a conversation back and forth. He's like, where are your parents?
I'm like, I don't know. Dad's out. It's like seven in the morning.
And then I ended up getting a job, making prank phone calls for them.
How did it end? It ended with me not being little anymore.
And no, I was too old. I was like, 12.
Is that really what happened?
They, yeah. So I had a contract that would like, you know,
expired and then they wanted to renew it,
but in a different way and sign on to Ryan's production company.
But my dad had to pimp you out. Yeah. Whoa. You want a PCU? Yeah,
really?
Yeah. I think piece, I think they want like 20%.
Of everything you do from there on out. I think so. Wow.
And my dad was like, that's too much. And so we didn't.
End up doing standup career. Took off you be Ryan Seacrest.
So for the rest of your career, if you had signed that it might be for life.
But I don't think it would have been for a wife.
Forever if you're just the Kardashians show. Right.
I always tell my dad,
we could have been the Makowski is keeping up with them with cough.
Skis, up dad.
No, but I'm so grateful because I mean,
I don't know if anything would have come of that or anything, but like,
I'm glad I got to eat lunch in the bathroom alone in high school.
And like have all of those, you know, just weird, awkward,
uncomfortable.
And the funny that at the time you think of them as being the worst thing ever,
and then later on you realize there's kind of a gift in some of that weird
Amherst catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on
Spotify, watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expenses.